Initial commit (#1)
serverlessworkflow/catalog: README.md

By providing a centralized repository for custom functions, the "catalog" repository enhances the flexibility and power of the Serverless Workflow DSL, enabling users to create more complex and tailored workflow solutions.

## Structure

Cataloged functions must follow the following structure:

```
./functions

>     /log                        👈 The name of the custom function. Must be lowercased and contain exclusively alphanumeric characters, with the exception of '-'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /log                        👈 The name of the custom function. It must be lowercase and contain exclusively alphanumeric characters, except for '-'.
```

        /1.0.0                  👈 The semantic version of the custom function.
            /function.yaml      👈 The function's definition.
            /OWNERS.md          👈 Describes the owners/authors of the custom function.
            /README.md          👈 Describes the custom function.
        /2.0.0
            ...
```

## Usage

> Below is an example of how to usea custom function in a Serverless Workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to use a custom function in a Serverless Workflow:
```

```yaml
document:
  dsl: '1.0.0'
  namespace: samples
  name: use-cataloged-function
  version: '1.0.0'
do:
  - callCatalogedFunction:
      call: https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/catalog/functions/log/1.0.0 #link to the repository directory that contains the function.yaml of the custom function to call.
      #call: log:1.0.0 <--- this would also be a correct way to reference the function, as it is registered in the official catalog.
      with:
        message: Hello, world!
```

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: It seems a duplication of `CONTRIBUTION.MD`? Why not have only the file and link it here?

Author: Good point!
